Q: The Store Engine direclty dertermine:
A: 	- The data file format
	- Format of the indexes

Q: To understand MMAPv1, it is important to know that it:
A: Maps data files directly into virutal memory.

Q: Relative to no padding, Power of Two Sized Allocations in MMAPv1 provides which of the following benefits? 
A:	- Documents will not hat to move as soon as they grow in size
	- Recorde spaces are likely to get re-used
	- Documents that grow at a constante rate will move less often as time goes on.

Q: In MongoDB 3.0, the WiredTiger storage engine brings which of the following to MongoDB? 
A: 	- Compression
	- Document-level concurrency control

Q: What will happen if an index is created on a field that does not exist in any of the documents in the collection?
A: MongoDB will create the index without any warning

Q: A MongoDB index can have keys of different types (i.e., ints, dates, string)
A: True

Q: If an index is unique AND sparse, can 2 documents which do not include the field thais is indexed exist in the same collection?
A: Yes

Q: You create a text index on the "title" field of the movies collection, and then perform the following text search:
db.movies.find( { $text : {$search : "Big Lebowski" } } )
Which of the following documents will be returned, assuming they are in the movies collection? Check all that apply.
A:	- {'title' : 'The big Lebowski', 'star' : 'Jeff Bridges'}
	- {'title' : 'Big', 'star' : 'Tom Hanks'}
	- {'title' : 'Big Fish', 'star' : 'Ewan MacGregor'}

Q: An explain plan can tell you which of the following?
A: 	- How many documents a query examines
	- What indexes a query uses
	- How many documents a query returned

Q: Suppose we run:
db.foo.createIndex({a:1,b:1,c:1})
db.foo.find({a:"sports", b:{$gt:100}})
What would need to be touched in order to fulfill the query?
A: the index and some documents need to be touched
The answer is that both the index and the documents need to be touched.
While the index is all that's required to specify the document that matches the query, we're asking for the entire document, 
which may contain fields that are not included in the index. Therefore, we need to touch that entire document.

Q: Which ops are safe to kill (without any special effort or cleanup or implications later beyond the obvious):
A:	- A query
	- A findAndModify on a primary
	- A foreground create index building on a primary

Q: The system profile is on by default
A: False



